---
layout: post
date: 2012-10-24
title: "Google's Spymasters Are Now Worried About Your Secrets"
tagline: "Search engine executives warn about invasive government surveillance, but the digital arms trade begins with their own technologies."
image: youngist-stock-photo.png
size: 
categories:
- blog
tags:
- SECURITY
- GOOGLE
- QUEER ISSUES
---
<div class='full-text'><p class='first-paragraph'><font style='font-size:60px; font-weight:600;'>T</font>hey asked me why I was so dark skinned when I entered my father’s village. They questioned where I got my looks from, 

because a father with a Shah Rukh Khan complexion and a mother 

who was Katrina Kaif skinned couldn’t reproduce such a thing. I was advised not to 

spend too much time in the sun. I hear the word forsha, which translates to “light 

skinned” being a synonym for good looking. Because when people ask how the new 

bride, or the newborn looked, forsha was the adjective to sum up the situation.</p>
<p class='article-paragraph'>The desi boys knew it. I knew it as well. I wasn’t attractive in their opinion. The way my dark colored big 

eyes were against my dark mocha skin tone didn’t attract them. And it didn’t have to. I grew up disliking 

myself a bit. All the “love yourself” talks in the world could not eliminate the subconscious thoughts 

roaming around my head about beauty and how it really feels and looks like.</p>

<p class='article-paragraph'>We, dark skinned South Asian women, have a different lived experience. Our solidarity with the communities of African American sisters is there, but our experience wasn’t quite the same. Coming from a 

region with the highest skin bleaching rate in the world, as well as being able to buy some Fair & Lovely 

with our paneer, we live a different experience. We see commercials selling skin-lightening cream for 

vaginas, while our immigrant parents watch their favorite television drama. We are nicknamed kala, or 

black one in our homes and communities, with the constant fear of not being approved as good looking 

enough by future suitors our parents might attempt to marry us off to. </p>

<p class='last article-paragraph'>We, dark skinned South Asian women do not all live the same experience, but it is different. We watch 

our sisters get married in our homeland, and sometimes in the states we grew up in, with pounds of 

white face powder to glorify their features. We face the classical patriarchy that Deniz Kandiyoti conceptualizes, as we bargain with the same patriarchy that enforces strict systems of inferiority and sexual 

repression. We face cultures that are deeply embedded in the systems that normalize the repression of 

women socially, politically and economically. There’s a lot lived within the experience of a woman. Particularly a South Asian woman. And more specifically, a dark skinned South Asian woman.</p></div>
